OSDOCS-13199 Clarify which namespaces/operators customers should consider managed vs supported (#89548)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/managed-resources.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
//[id="sd-managed-resources"]
[id="sd-redhat-managed-resources_{context}"]
= Red{nbsp}Hat managed resources
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: sd-managed-resources

toc::[]

[id="sd-managed-resources-overview_{context}"]
== Overview

> The following covers all {product-title} resources that are managed or protected by the Service Reliability Engineering Platform (SRE-P) Team. Customers should not attempt to modify these resources because doing so can lead to cluster instability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following covers all {product-title} resources that are managed or protected by the Service Reliability Engineering Platform (SRE-P) Team. Customers should not try to change these resources because doing so can lead to cluster instability.
```
